chore(styles): cleans up placeholder folder (#2171)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/neat-maps-give.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-styles': patch
---

> The following placeholders from the \_text.scss file are depreacted an will be deleted with version 7: %list-adjustment, %module-container, %default-module-spacer, %text-container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following placeholders from the `\_text.scss` file are depreacted an will be removed in a future version: `%list-adjustment`, `%module-container`, `%default-module-spacer`, `%text-container`.
```
